---
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

# Worldbank Datensatz
**Modul Grundlegendes Praxisprojekt P11.1 Bachelor Statistik und Data Science (PO 2021)**

**Autoren:** Nikolai German, Wenxuan Liang, Thomas Witzani, Yanyu Zhao


## Allgemein
**Bitte lesen, bevor Sie ein Programm aus diesem Repository ausführen.**
Hierbei handelt es sich um das Repository zum Grundlegenden Praxisprojekt mit dem Thema *Wordlabnk*.
Grundsätzlich enthält es alle nötigen Skripte um Präsentation, Grafiken und Executive Summary zu erzeugen.



## Anleitung
Bitte führen sie zunächst den nachfolgenden Befehl in R aus, um die notwendigen Pakete zu installieren:
```
renv::restore()
```

First of all, please source the "env_setup.R" file. This will install
all the necessary packages and load necessary data sets for programs.

Then, for single programs, simply source the corresponding R file under
the "Program" directory. For generating the final report, open the
"presentation.qmd" file under the root directory.

## Directory Structure

### Root Directory

env_setup.R

presentation.qmd

### Data

This directory contains the original data sets from the KoCo19 project.

For data privacy, we do not upload the original data sets. To ensure the
data cleansing step can function properly, it is recommended to put the
data sets named respectively as "Data_kids_Practikum2324.csv" and
"data_koco19_round6.csv" under this directory.

### Work.Data

This directory contains the data sets generated by the data cleansing
step.

Mostly used in analysis programs are "kinder.RDS", "adult.RDS". They are
the processed versions of original data sets.

### Program

This directory contains all the programs for data cleansing and
analysis. File names reflect their functionality.

The "functions.R" is worth noting. It contains all the self-written
functions used in the programs. Most of them are used for data
cleansing.

### Results

This directory contains the results (figures) of our analysis. They are
all saved in png format.
