# KoCo19-Kinder

**Author: ** Juliet Fleischer, Yichen Han, Haoran Ju, Julia Ngo

Responsible for content: Yichen Han

## General Instruction

This is the repository for KoCo19-Kinder Project. To ensure the performance of our programs, please read this instruction before running the codes.

We use R Version 4.3.2. Some of our packages are dependent on the latest version of R.
If you are using other versions, you may encounter errors while installing them.

For a detailed list of loaded packages, please refer to "env_setup.R" under the
root directory of our project.

## Usage

First of all, please source the "env_setup.R" file. This will install all the
necessary packages and load necessary data sets for programs.

Then, for single programs, simply source the corresponding R file under the
"Program" directory. For generating the final report, open the "presentation.qmd" file
under the root directory.

## Directory Structure

### Root Directory

env_setup.R

presentation.qmd

### Data

This directory contains the original data sets from the KoCo19 project.

For data privacy, we do not upload the original data sets. To ensure the data cleansing step
can function properly, it is recommended to put the data sets named respectively as
"Data_kids_Practikum2324.csv" and "data_koco19_round6.csv" under this directory.

### Work.Data

This directory contains the data sets generated by the data cleansing step.

Mostly used in analysis programs are "kinder.RDS", "adult.RDS". They are the processed
versions of original data sets.

### Program

This directory contains all the programs for data cleansing and analysis. File names reflect
their functionality.

The "functions.R" is worth noting. It contains all the self-written functions used in the programs. Most of them are used for data cleansing.

### Results

This directory contains the results (figures) of our analysis. They are all saved in png format.
